videos for pulling hey guys today I'm
going to be showing you how to do the
multiple multiple gonchi and gold in
your practice okay zombie look and oh
darko bo3 is on and dark pro one right
here with some other people at play yeah
man hey dude you're on YouTube yeah tell
the other guys now you're on YouTube do
they heard you do okay so guys I run an
ammo I'll go get a new girl right I'll
go stairs or wherever going to want I'm
going to get the m14 press B and C at
the same time to buy or throw a grenade
fine throw a grenade same time except
downstairs whatever point I thought
stairs in
ok guys so after you get that go up to
another gun Empress tea and told organ a
and by the guard same time now scan
through your gun and 14 Olympia m1911
this pistol and 14 Olympia here I'll
show you that's the Olympia m1911 thermo
and then 14 I have multiple guns yeah
that's how to do it and I'm going to
play slack up later guys